I would propose the second model to my client as the final recommendation, which is the linear regression model with production year, number of miles the vehicle traveled, the car's engine size, and annual tax as independent variables, and the logarithm of price as the dependent variable. The reason is not only that the statistical results of this model are better than first model, it also has a stronger probabilistic theoretical support.
From the scatter plot of production year and mile age versus price, and the prediction of test data, We can tell that the distribution of the dependent variable price is not linear. The reason why the first regression model achieved a seemingly satisfactory result that R^2 = 0.7, is due to the relatively small range of the data. Within this small distance, the relationship between price and the independent variables is roughly linear. If the client would like to promote the model to predict a larger range of data, the predictions are likely to be inaccurate.
The logarithm of price, on the other hand, shows a significant linearity in the scatter plots with both the production year and mile age of each vehicle. In addition, the test data results yielded by the second model predictions are evenly distributed on both sides of the linear regression.  A linear regression model such as the second one is suitable for generalization to a larger range of data and is also more likely to produce valid pridictions in data sets beyond those used in the current study.
For further discussion, we can justify the log-price model with probability theory. In terms of the random data distribution, year and mile age are variables that describe " the time until an event occurs " which fit the exponential distribution. The independent variables, year and mile age, have an exponential level influence on price. After logging both sides of the exponential distribution equation, there is a linear correlation between log price and independent variable.
In summary, the log-price model provides more reliable and valid statistical results, is more suitable for generalization to a larger range of data, and adheres better to the theoretical knowledge of probability theory. I would recommend this model to my clients.
